add routing processor note to changelog (#989)
signalfx/splunk-otel-collector: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - Added [routing processor](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/processor/routingprocessor) component to the distribution [#982](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/982/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 💡 Enhancements 💡 

- Add [routing processor](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/processor/routingprocessor) component to the distribution [#982](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/982/)
```
